OKTA-352148 .NET > Add content for Blazor in Developer Docs > "Sign i… (#1972)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-into-spa/install-sdk/blazorwebasm/installsdk.md

> Although you don't have to install any additional SDK, in order to add a support for authentication to your App, you need to perform the configuration steps mentioned in this page [Secure an ASP.NET Core Blazor WebAssembly standalone app with the Authentication library](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/security/webassembly/standalone-with-authentication-library)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although you don't have to install any additional SDK in order to add support for authentication to your App, you need to perform the configuration steps described in this page [Secure an ASP.NET Core Blazor WebAssembly standalone app with the Authentication library](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/security/webassembly/standalone-with-authentication-library)
```

> 1. Include `Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.WebAssembly.Authentication` NuGet package to the project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add `Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.WebAssembly.Authentication` NuGet package to the project. 
```

    AuthenticationService.js"></script>
``` 

4. Replace the content of your `App.razor` file with the following:

```html
<CascadingAuthenticationState>
    <Router AppAssembly="@typeof(Program).Assembly">
        <Found Context="routeData">
            <AuthorizeRouteView RouteData="@routeData" 
                DefaultLayout="@typeof(MainLayout)">
                <NotAuthorized>
                    @if (!context.User.Identity.IsAuthenticated)
                    {
                        <RedirectToLogin />
                    }
                    else
                    {
                        <p>
                            You are not authorized to access 
                            this resource.
                        </p>
                    }
                </NotAuthorized>
            </AuthorizeRouteView>
        </Found>
        <NotFound>
            <LayoutView Layout="@typeof(MainLayout)">
                <p>Sorry, there's nothing at this address.</p>App 
            </LayoutView>
        </NotFound>
    </Router>
</CascadingAuthenticationState>
```

5. Add the `RedirectToLogin` component in `Shared/RedirectToLogin.razor` file

> ```html

Reviewer 2: This should be `razor` instead of `html`. Though, I'm not sure if it's supported by our markdown parser.

Author: Razor is not supported

@inject NavigationManager Navigation
@using Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.WebAssembly.Authentication
@code {
    protected override void OnInitialized()
    {
        Navigation.NavigateTo(
            $"authentication/login?returnUrl={Uri.EscapeDataString(Navigation.Uri)}");
    }
}
```

> 6. Add the `LoginDisplay` component 

Reviewer 2: This section should be move to `Add a button to sign in` to be consistent with other langs.

> ```razor

Reviewer 2: it seems razor is not supported, is there any other alternative? maybe `cshtml`?

Author: I found `html` to be good enough

Author: need to change it to HTML

Author: changed to html
